rough of virtualconf blog (#174)
SeaGL/seagl.github.io: _posts/2020-05-05-virtualconf-2020.md

---
layout: post
title: 'SeaGL going virtual due to COVID-19 aka Novel Coronavirus'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
---

> Good afternoon!  We have made the exciting decision to take SeaGL entirely virtual.  We are happy to follow in the footsteps of other terrific open source conferences who also want to keep our communities together during this time.

Reviewer: I would drop the `Good afternoon`. It is an RSS feed, not an email. People will be reading it at different times. Timezones also mean that it will be evening or morning for quite a few people.
```suggestion
We have made the exciting decision to take SeaGL entirely virtual.  We are happy to follow in the footsteps of other terrific open source conferences who also want to keep our communities together during this time.
```

> Good afternoon!  We have made the exciting decision to take SeaGL entirely virtual.  We are happy to follow in the footsteps of other terrific open source conferences who also want to keep our communities together during this time.

Reviewer: I like how you are explaining the exciting and positive side of SeaGL going virtual. However, the post title starts by explaining that this is due to COVID-19. We also previously put out https://seagl.org/news/2020/03/20/covid19-1.html . It might be useful to add a sentence or two acknowledging the virus and our desire to ensure the safety of our volunteers, speakers, and attendees.

The committees are in deep discussion as to what this means, and we are throwing everything on the table to consider how to truly make this a community event for our speakers, attendees, volunteers, as well as the student walk-ins we welcome from Seattle Central College, our generous physical host.  We discussed planning a hybrid event, but landed on full-virtual as that will be the easiest to plan for and predict, particularly for our speakers and keynotes who will know exactly the format they'll be presenting in when they submit their talk.  We want folks to have as much preparation and information as we possibly can offer, and that meant cementing this critical detail.

> So!  We are so excited to pilot a great virtual event that is community-driven, and we are so excited to have you along for the ride!  We're all new to this, but we really feel like SeaGL is the perfect conference for this adaptation - we're already free, and the conference is now in its eighth year.  Our legacy and our community are what we are.  Keep your ears open and watch the twitter at [https://www.twitter.com/seagl](@SeaGL) for more info as we get closer to the date, which remains the second weekend of November.  If you have anything you'd like to share, you can tweet at us up there or message us on IRC at #seagl on freenode, and info@seagl.org.

Reviewer: Include the actual dates (Nov 13-14).
```suggestion
So!  We are so excited to pilot a great virtual event that is community-driven, and we are so excited to have you along for the ride!  We're all new to this, but we really feel like SeaGL is the perfect conference for this adaptation - we're already free, and the conference is now in its eighth year.  Our legacy and our community are what we are.  Keep your ears open and watch the twitter at [https://www.twitter.com/seagl](@SeaGL) for more info as we get closer to the date, which remains November 13-14, 2020.  If you have anything you'd like to share, you can tweet at us or message us on IRC at #seagl on freenode, and info@seagl.org.
```
